hello friends today I'm going to be
preparing a crispy leopard calamari and
this is one of my favorite recipes for
summer monsoons it was totally yummy and
very tasty let's look into the
ingredients and get started I have taken
250 grams of split since I I'm the only
person who eats in the house I am just
using 250 grams it's cleaned and cut
into rings and have reserved it it's
thoroughly washed we also need one small
onion or a shallot finely chopped 2
sprigs of curry leaves and ten ports of
garlic further masala powder we need a 1
tablespoon of peppercorns half a
teaspoon of cumin seeds 1 dried red
chillies and 2 sprigs of colonies again
we will need add all purpose flour and
corn flour as per the requirement you
will need to eyeball it and add it to
the squid while we are marinating the
squid now first and finish one way to do
is in your small fry time I've placed it
on a very low flame I am just going to
go ahead and add the spices and the
color leaves and start dry roasting it
and when it constantly stir this because
if it burns you are going to have a very
bitter taste once you prepare the masala
powder make sure you keep stirring this
on a very low flame once the cumin
starts to splatter just pinch it off and
add it to a mortar and pestle and just
grind it into a coarse powder if you do
not have a motor in personal user coffee
grinder this will be about one and a
half tablespoons of powder so that's
about it now to the squid I have
thoroughly washed the squid and to the
speed I'm going to go ahead and add the
all-purpose flour and corn flour now the
all-purpose flour you can add about 3 to
4 tablespoons the square needs to be
coated thoroughly with the all-purpose
flour and the corn flour because if you
are going to fry the squid it's going to
splatter a lot to know it so make sure
the squid is thoroughly coated with the
corn flour and E or all-purpose flour
I've also added salt and pepper you can
leave this for five minutes on your
countertop and just check the moisture
content and add little bit of extra
all-purpose flour if needed now once
that is done and just going to go ahead
and heat oil and start adding the first
squid to it and fry it just for a minute
that's about it not more than that
you do not say it as I'm doing it in a
small fry pan so once the squid is fried
nicely for a minute's time I'm just
going to remove from the oil and drain
the excess oil in the tissue paper
now in walk I've added two tablespoons
of oil to the nun we'll add the garlic
onion and the curry leaves and just
going to toss this and fry this till it
turns light pink in color now the recipe
in detail for this is posted on my blog
blog link will be posted only about bad
below this video you can also visit me
on my Facebook fan page like me then and
follow me for regular updates I'll be
posting a lot of restaurant reviews on
the matter
so do visit me on Zomato as well all the
links will give me about bye below this
video now gone ahead and added the
powder that i prepared earlier masala
powder and this one it cost this a bit
it's needed you can definitely add
excess pepper powder while you're
tossing the squid now at this point I'm
just going to quickly pass this foot
because the squid is already fried in
its cook if you're going to cook this
further it's going to turn into a
rubbery mess so make sure you cross this
just for a minutes time and that's about
it you're going to add some salt as per
taste
a little bit of for pepper powder just
for the flavor that's about it and we'll
give this a good touch and serve it up
with languages this is an excellent side
dish or you can serve this as a starter
it's excellent would be off or it's
absolutely yummy with any salt Indian
meal so both give this recipe a try and
post your comments friends if you liked
this video give this video a thumbs up
and share this with your friends do
subscribe for more such videos I will be
seeing you soon in the next recipe video
and so then thanks for watching
bye bye